---
layout: default
---
# January 2004 Meeting Information

  
  
Agenda  
  
Meeting Minutes  
  
To: All IVI members;  
  
We have chosen the location of our upcoming IVI Foundation meeting
January 13-15, 2004 in Orlando, FL., and have gotten a terrific room
rate of $59.00/night. My thanks to Steve O'Donnell of Lockheed for
helping me find the hotel.  
  
It will be held at:  
  
Clarion Hotel Maingate  
  
7675 W. Irlo Bronson Memorial Hwy.  
  
Kissimmee, FL 34747  
  
Reservations Phone 800-568-3352, Cut off date 12/29/03  
  
Fax: 512-634-2088  
  
The room rate is $59 for either a single or a double. We have a block of
rooms reserved at that rate from Monday, January 12th through Thursday
January 15th. The meeting will start on Tuesday, January 13th at 8:30 AM
and end Thursday, January 15th at 5:00 PM. Please mention the IVI
Foundation when making your room reservations. We have the block of
rooms reserved until December 29th, 2003, so please make your travel
plans before the Christmas holidays. To view more information about the
hotel visit
[www.clarionhotelmaingate.com](http://www.clarionhotelmaingate.com).  
  
The hotel is very near Disneyland, and has free shuttle service to
Disneyland, so you may want to consider bringing your family. For
transportation from the Airport, the hotel recommends using Mears
Transportation. You can call Mears at 800-223-3868. Cost is $16/person
one way or $28 round trip. No reservations are needed. There are
restaurants close enough to walk and many within a few minutes by cab or
car.  
  
If you are renting a car, the directions to the hotel from Orlando Int'l
Airport are as follows:  
  
Take the BEE LINE EXPRESSWAY heading West all the way to Interstate 4
(I-4), then take I-4 West to Exit 64B. This will place you on HWY 192
heading West. The Clarion Maingate is located 2 miles on the right hand
side at Mile Marker \#5.  
  
Please pre-register for the meeting by clicking on HERE.  
  
We hope to see you there.  
  
Fred Bode  
619-297-1024  
<fbode@vxinl.com>
