# May 2004 Meeting Information

  
  
Agenda  
  
Meeting Minutes  
  
The meeting will be held at the Holiday Inn University Park, 425 West
Prospect Road, Fort Collins, CO 80526. Phone 970-482-2626, and fax:
970-224-9209.  
  
Our sleeping room rate is $82.00/night. A block of rooms will be held
for us until April 19, 2004 . Please call the above phone number to make
reservations. Please mention the IVI Foundation when making your
reservations to get the group rate.  
  
Since we are only 6 weeks away from the event, please make you room
reservations soon to assure that you will be accommodated. In addition,
there are some restrictions for staying over the weekend.  
  
Friday May 14th is Colorado State University's graduation. The hotel is
located across the street from that campus and is already almost full.
They do still have rooms available however there is a 2 night minimum
that requires people to stay Friday and Saturday night and a rate
increase to $189.00 per night starting on Friday May 14th. "This is
something you will need to let your guests know because we will not
extend the $82.00 rate to you."  
  
Hi-speed internet connection is available in your sleeping rooms for
$9.95/night. We will also provide wireless internet connection in the
large meeting room.  
  
The IVI Meeting cost will be $80/day, which includes Continental
Breakfast and lunch, breaks, meeting room cost and wireless internet
connection in the meeting room.  
  
Fort Collins is about 1 hr north of the Denver airport. Car rental or
shuttle bus services are available.  
  
If you need shuttle information, contact Shamrock Shuttle at
970-482-0505. They will pick you up at the airport and drop you at the
hotel.  
  
Please Pre-Register for this meeting by contacting Fred by Monday April
19, 2004.  
  
We hope to see you there.  
  
Fred Bode  
619-297-1024  
<fbode@vxinl.com>
