---
layout: default
---
# September 2003 Meeting Information

  
  
Agenda  
  
Meeting Minutes  
  
To: All IVI members;  
  
I am very pleased to tell you that we have located a very nice hotel in
Portland Oregon to host our next IVI meeting. Thanks to Badri Malynur
and Fatima, his administrative assistant, for their help.  
  
The hotel is:  
  
The Benson Hotel  
  
309 Southwest Broadway  
  
Portland, OR 97205  
  
Phone: 503-228-2000  
  
Fax: 503-471-3920  
  
Our group Room rate is $100 per night. Please mention the IVI Foundation
meeting when making your reservations to get this room rate. Please make
you reservations at least 30 days prior to the first meeting day, or by
August 7th.  
  
The Benson Hotel is located in the heart of downtown Portland, within a
few short blocks of shopping arts center, parks and museums. The hotel
is listed in the National Registry of Historic Places, and has been
renovated recently. It also offers complimentary wine tasting nightly
located in their "secret" Wine Cellar.  
  
You will not need a car, as the Benson is located within the MAX light
rail system. You can get aboard the MAX Red Line light rail train at the
airport to City Center. Get off in downtown Portland at the Pioneer
Square North MAX Station. Walk 0.2 miles north (about 4 short blocks) to
the Benson, 309 SW Broadway. The one way ticket from the airport to
downtown is $1.55. Travel time is 44 minutes (including 6 minutes
walking.) During the week, transportation within the downtown area is
free on MAX.  
  
Finally, the hotel does have wireless high-speed Internet access but
there is an extra charge.  
  
Please remember to PreRegister so that we can order the correct number
of meals for each day. Please go to Sept2003MtgPreReg and fill out the
form. If your Credit Card is on fill at the IVI Consortium office and
you wan to use the same card, simply mark that on your registration. If
you have changed cards, or are not sure, please fill out a new
[IVISept2003Invoice](IVISept2003Invoice.doc) and FAX it (safer) to me.  
  
The IVI meeting will start on Monday, September 8th at 8:30 AM and we
will conclude Thursday, September 11th, 2003. Please give me a call if
you have any questions.  
  
I look forward to seeing you in September.  
  
Best regards,  
  
Fred Bode  
619-297-1024  
<fbode@vxinl.com>
