---
layout: default
---
# January 2003 Meeting Information

  
  
Agenda  
  
Meeting Minutes  
  
Invitation to the IVI Meeting  
January 27-30, 2003  
Austin, TX  
  
We have chosen the location of our upcoming IVI Foundation meeting
January 27-30, 2003 in Austin TX.  
  
It will be held at:  
  
Marriott Austin Airport South  
  
4415 South IH-35  
  
Austin, TX 78744  
  
Reservations Phone 512-634-2001 or 512-441-7900  
  
Fax: 512-634-2088  
  
The room rate is $99 for either a single or a double. We have a block of
rooms reserved at that rate from Sunday, January 26th through Wednesday
January 29th. The meeting will end Thursday, January 30th at noon.
Please mention the IVI Foundation when making your room reservations. We
have the block of rooms reserved until January 3, 2003, so it would be
best to make your travel plans before the holidays.  
  
The hotel is near the airport, and has free shuttle service. There is a
Courtesy Phone at baggage claim. Simply call for pick-up. There are a
few restaurants close enough to walk and many within a few minutes by
cab or car.  
  
For the January 2003 IVI Foundation meeting in Austin we are asking that
all IVI Foundation members who plan to attend the meeting use this page
to pre-register. This will allow the meeting organizers to get a better
estimate of the number of people who will be attending, allowing them to
better distribute the cost among the attendees. Please fill out the form
below and submit it at your earliest convenience, but no later than
Monday, Jan 20, 2003. Please do not include multiple people on the same
form. Every attendee must submit a pre-registration form. Cost will be
$50/day for all pre-registered attendees for Monday, Tuesday and
Wednesday, and $30 for Thursday. Also, please download and fax or email
the [Invoice for meeting cost](IVIJan2003Invoice.doc) prior to the
meeting, or mark pre-registration form to charge to your credit card
already on file.  
  
We hope to see you there. If you have any questions, please contact
me.  
  
Fred Bode  
619-297-1024  
<fbode@vxinl.com>
